# Meeting Minutes

## Date: November 7, 2024

### Attendees:
- Hala Belamri
- New TA (assessing individual work)

### Agenda:
1. Demo of current project progress
2. Feedback on issue naming and project adjustments

### Discussion:
- **Project Demo**: Showcased the progress of the project, including the new and old GitHub repositories.
- **Feedback from TA**:
  - Issue Naming: TA suggested naming issues for user stories as "US" and acceptance tests as "AT" to align with Agile methodology.
  - If an issue is not a user story, it should be labeled accordingly with an appropriate identifier.
- **Project Adjustments**:
  - Agreed to add several new features and adjustments:
    - Displaying assessment results for instructors.
    - Potentially adding functionalities to allow instructors to change questions and dimensions if time permits.

### Action Items:
- Rename issues and tests in the repository to match the suggested naming conventions.
- Plan additional features and adjustments to be implemented in upcoming sprints.
- Submit new links for Sprint3.
